chore: adhere to community standards (#25)
phylum-dev/documentation: README.md

<p align="center">
  <img height="100" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/phylum-dev/documentation/main/assets/phylum_dark-bckg.svg">
</p>

---
# Introduction

[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)][CoC]
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/1070071012353376387?logo=discord)][discord_invite]

This is the source repository for all documentation common to the Phylum platform.
The rendered form of the documentation can be viewed at the <https://docs.phylum.io> main page.

[CoC]: https://github.com/phylum-dev/documentation/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[discord_invite]: https://discord.gg/c9QnknWxm3

## License

Copyright (C) 2023  Phylum, Inc.

All rights reserved.

## Contributing

Suggestions and help are welcome. Feel free to open an issue or otherwise contribute.
More information is available on the [contributing documentation][contributing] page.

[contributing]: https://github.com/phylum-dev/documentation/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md

## Code of Conduct

> Everyone participating in the `phylum-ci` project, and in particular in the issue tracker and pull requests, is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Everyone participating in the `documentation` project, and in particular in the issue tracker and pull requests, is
```

Author: Fixed.
